refactor(ui): drive ConfigureSSO wizard navigation with a state machine (#8715)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/configuresso-wizard-navigation.md

---
"@clerk/ui": patch
---

> `<ConfigureSSO />` wizard navigation is now driven by a guard-based state machine, making step navigation more predictable: the step you land on (including after a reload) and which steps you can move to are derived from the connection's state, the connection reset flow lands you on the right step, and enterprise-connection writes stay reverification-wrapped. The public component API is unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Internal refactor for self-serve SSO wizard navigation to leverage a guard-based state machine

It makes the step navigation more predictable: the step you land on (including after a reload) and which steps you can move to are derived from the connection's state, the connection reset flow lands you on the right step.
```

Let's remove `ConfigureSSO` from the changeset and mention self-serve SSO instead + start mentioning that it's an internal refactoring as well

> `<ConfigureSSO />` wizard navigation is now driven by a guard-based state machine, making step navigation more predictable: the step you land on (including after a reload) and which steps you can move to are derived from the connection's state, the connection reset flow lands you on the right step, and enterprise-connection writes stay reverification-wrapped. The public component API is unchanged.

Reviewer: `configuresso-wizard-navigation.md` doesn't seem to use the unique generated changeset naming format from `pnpm run changeset` - could we generate with that?
